CSE 111 Proposal for a Student Chosen Program

    (This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best
    knowledge at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the
    beginning to the end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and we
    change some of our proposed ideas. This is part of completing any
    project and is fine.  However, we still must write a proposal so
    that our teachers or supervisors know what we intend to do. Please
    answer each of the following questions to the best of your
    knowledge.)

1. What is the title of your program?
A: The title o my programa is "Money in Circulation Analysis".

2. What real-world problem will your program address or help to solve?
A: The real-world problem that this Python program is capable is collecting daily information about the quantity and value of money in circulation in Brazil, using the API provided by the Central Bank. This data is essential for understanding economic trends and the dynamics of the financial market.

3. What will you learn from developing this program?
A: While developing this program, I expect to learn a practical application of Python skills, emphasizing data retrieval, manipulation, and analysis. Furthermore, I saw this program as an excellent opportunity to train the use of Python modules and JSON manipulation.

4. What Python modules will your program use?

    (Some examples are: csv, datetime, functools, matplotlib, math,
    pandas, pytest, random, requests, and tkinter.)

A: My program use requests, pprint, and pandas.


5. Will you separate your Python program into functions that each
perform a single task?

    (Remember that the most reusable functions don't get user input and
    don't print results but instead have parameters and return a result.
    Functions that get user input and print results are important and do
    useful work but are not easily reusable.)

    (Remember also that it's hard to test functions that get user input
    and print results. It's easy to test functions that don't get user
    input and don't print results but instead have parameters and return
    a result. Therefore, you should write most of your program functions
    to have parameters and return a result.)

A: Yes, the program will be organized into functions, and each function will perform a specific task.


6. Will you write test functions to test at least two of your program
functions?
A: Yes. I will write test functions.
